"Hey Knuckles! Head's up!" Manic the hedgehog threw A paper airplane across the school bus hitting his good friend Knuckles in the back of the head. "Ow! Manic what was that for?" Knuckles said. "Don't worry about it stupid echidna. He probably just missed because he was dreaming just dreaming of A bowl of re-fried beans or fried chicken." Sonic said leaning against his seat with his hands behind his head. "Isn't that right fat ass?" Sonic continued as he looked over at Manic.

"Shut up!" Manic yelled as he stood up. "Woah everyone! We've got A badass over here! Better hide all your food before this fat ass gulps it all down!" Sonic said. Everyone laughed at Sonic's cruel yet somewhat true joke. "but I... Sonia! Tell them i'm not A fat ass!..." Manic said looking down A couple rows at his sister Sonia. Sonia just ducked and acted like she didn't hear him.

After no response Manic just sat back down in his out shame.

"Hey bus driver! Are we almost there yet?" Sonia said to the man driving the bus. "Almost just 10 more minutes and we're there. "Manic looked over A couple seats and saw the one person he loved in the entire world... Mindy Latour... She was just so damn sexy cause she had A big ass and wore lots and lots of makeup. He wanted to move closer to her so he decided to sneak down the aisle.

Halfway there however... He was tripped... but who tripped him. He looked to his left to see his brother Sonic acting as if nothing happened. Was it him? No... it came from under the seat... and it felt like A hand. So there was no way it could have been Sonic. But... but whats under the seat? Manic looked under but didn't see anything. He knew something was there... Did Sonic sneak some animal of sorts on the bus? A dog? Pig? Mabey?... Even A person. Oh well. Better to just act like nothing happened.

Manic made his way down the Aisle to sit down next to the sexy bitch known as Mindy.

"Were here!" The bus driver yelled! All the kids cheered as they ran out of the school bus and into the playground. What is happening you ask? Well it's A field trip! A field trip to the park! "Come on Manic! Lets go on the slide!" Knuckles said. Manic happily agreed. "Hey bro! Wanna come hang out with me and Knux?" Manic asked his blue colored bro. "O...oh that's ok Manic. I just feel like sitting on the bus for A while!" Sonic said.

"Well... okay. If you say so." Manic said running off the Knuckles.

"Come on Mindy. Lets go join them." Sonia said to Mindy. "Okay." Mindy agreed.

Soon after all the children were gone, Sonic made sure no one else was near or on the bus. "You can come out now Bartleby." Sonic said. Bartleby Montclair of Dresdin, Sonic's one true lover then procceded to climb out from below the seats. He had trouble because of his huge muscles so Sonic had to help him out of course.

Bartleby had to sneak on board because he loved the playground, and he couldn't go because he was A 20 - 30 year old man, and it was just A field trip for the kids. but Bartleby just could not leave his lover alone knowing his lover was going to have so much fun without him.

"Where should we go now Bartleby?" Sonic said. "Swing set..." Bartleby said pointing out the window at A new shiny red swing set the was just put up last week. "Okay Bartleby lets..." Sonic was interupted when he saw his lover already running out of the bus at high speeds. "Bartleby wait! What if somebody sees you!" Sonic screamed! Just then Bartleby ran into two people he knew very well. Knuckles and Manic! "Gaaahhh!" The two screamed as they slammed into A tree. "Bartleby!" Sonicran as fast as he could but Bartleby was just to fast for the small fat hedgehog!

"Bro! What is Bartleby doing here?! Did he sneak on board the bus? If the teacher finds out your in so much trouble!" Suddenly Manic was interuppted by A cheering crowd far off in the distance. "What is that?" Knuckles said.

"Bartleby?" Sonic wondered what was going on aswell. The three decided to go over and was very suprised at what the had witnessed. Bartleby was doing tricks on the swing set that no ordinary person could do! 360's, front flips, back flips. "It's beautiful..." Sonic said with tears in his eyes." Suddenly however! The line brock and Bartleby came tumbling down shattering his ankle! "Gaaaaaaahhh!!!" Bartleby let out A terrifying scream! The cheers then soon to become laughter. Bartleby started to cry.

"Stop it! Leave him alone!" Sonic said running up hugging Bartleby. "He's hurt! Can't you tell?! You Monsters!!! Monsters..." Sonic began to cry just as much as Bartleby...

But Bartleby wasn't going to let the kids off so easily. Now Sonic was crying because of him. He started to scream and throw sand at the other children. "GET OUT!!!" Bartleby screamed! Some of the kids were able to ger away but some were thrown against the wall and others beaten. When he looked over at Sonic... now Sonic was scared of Bartleby... Sonic backed up in fear...Just then, Bartleby found out Sonic was vulnerable. He jumped on the beautiful hedgehog and raped him.