Bardonic BALLOON FESTIVAL:

Sonic the hedgehog loved hot hair balloons. He always loved then. Even when he was A baby he would get so fucking excited whenever the hot air balloon festival would come to town, and this years wasn't any different... Actually, scratch that. Something was different this year. For once He was going to participate in the festival all thanks to his boyfriend Bartleby, Montclair of dresdin. Since Bartleby was rich, it was an easy task buying something as cheap as A hot air balloon.

"Wow Bartleby... thanks. No one ever bought me A hot air balloon before... Your the best you know that baby?" Sonic said. Bartleby wasn't paying attention to the small fat hedgehog. He was to busy tying bags of sand to the side of the balloon. "You no Bartleby. I sometimes get scared of height's. If this happens... do you mind holding me?" Sonic said blushing A bit. This caught Bartleby's attention. He turned around and looked at sonic. After A couple seconds he snorted in agreement and continued to tie the bags of sand down.

"Hey bro!" Suddenly, A voice was heard of in the distance... "This fuck?!" Sonic said looking far off in the distance. "Just then A green thing came into view.. "Ah shit!" Sonic said aloud. It was someone he hated very much. his bro Manic the hedgehog. was running up to the balloon at high speeds. "Bartleby! Quickly! Add the fuel!" Bartleby poured the gas in at the speed of light! "Hurry!" Sonic yelled.

The two lovers were not fast enough however as Manic jumped into the basket. "Hey bro! What's up?!" Manic said putting his arm around his blue bros shoulder. "Not your business dumbass. Why are you even here?" Sonic said looking away. He was very disappointed. He wanted this day to just belong to him and Bartleby. What's more beautiful than two lovers in A balloon flying high over the town? Sonic will tell you. Nothing... "You know bro. I think we should hang out more. Ever since you started to hang out with your boyfriend Bartleby, it's almost as if you forgot all about me. In fact I know how we can start. How about the three of fly in this balloon together? It will be fun." Manic said.

Suddenly Sonic punched his gunky bro across the face! Manic's head slammed into the hard poll hooked to the balloon. Blood was pouring out of his nose and mouth. "How about instead you leave me and Bartleby alone shit head!" Sonic said punching him in the face once more. Bartleby laughed. Manic was about to fall to the ground as Sonic grabbed him by the vest and kneed him in the gut. Manic then his the ground with A thud. Sonic then began to repeatedly kick at Manic's motionless body as it laid on the floor. "Help me Bartleby!" Sonic yelled. Bartleby joined in with A big smile on his face.

"You to! Stop what your doing and step out of the balloon!" Suddenly A group of 10 - 15 police officers came running up out of nowhere. Sonic and Bartleby stopped kicking the motionless body and put this hands up without hesitation. "Well... This is it Bartleby..." Sonic said. "Step out of the the balloon with your hands up." Said A man with A blow horn. Bartleby looked down and could see tears welling up in the small fat hedgehogs eyes. "No..." The beautiful mink said. "What?" Sonic said looking up at his lover. "NO!!!" Bartleby yelled! He He poured in the fuel, lit the fire and the balloon flew high into the sky!

"Open fire!" The police fired at the balloon but with no avel. Since Bartleby was rich he bought the balloon from an illegal Mexican in A van. Since it was made by A Mexican, the balloon was bullet proof. "You... you did it Bartleby. You saved us. Bartlebt wasn't paying any attention to his blue lover. He was to busy sticking his middle finger out at the police from above. Sonic wanted to join in on the taunting to so he stuck his upper body out out of the basket. "Later Suckaaaaaa~" BAM! Suddenly Sonic was shot in the right shoulder! He felt head first of the balloon! "BARTLEBY!!!!" Sonic yelled for his life!

Thankfully Sonic's foot had caught onto A rope just before he had fallen out! "Bartleby! Help me!" Bullets flew past Sonic at high speeds. Bartleby didn't wan't to risk getting his so he just ducked and laughed at poor hedgehogs torture. After almost 30 minutes they were so high they could barely even see the ground anymore. It was safe to come out now.

Bartleby looked over the edge to see his lover still dangling. Bartleby started to pull the rope up to rescue the small fat hedgehog. Just before Sonic was near the top however, Bartleby let go of the rope! "Wahh?! BARTLEBYYYYYY!!!" Sonic was dropped once again. Since the rope was still tied around his leg, his leg broke broke from the jolt! Tears ran down the hedgehogs face. Bartleby only laughed at this and pulled the hedgehog back into the basket. "Joke... Funny..." Bartleby said in between giggles.

"Bartleby. You saved me from those police... thank you." Sonic said picking up his bros corpse. "Now lets get rid of this ugly ass shit." Sonic threw his gunky bro out over the of town. "Heh. I wonder was janitor is going to clean up THAT big pile of shit." The two laughed.

Sonic opened his backpack to pull out an egg salad sandwich and an unopened can of cream and mushroom soup. "Hey Bartleby. Are you hungry? If you are we could share are-" Suddenly. The mink pinched Sonic's ass so hard it began to bleed! The blue hedgehog screamed in pain! Then Bartleby grabbed the can of cream and mushroom soup and slammed it into Sonic's head. Mushroom, blood, and cream flew everywhere. "B...Bartleby! Why?!" The mink then began to rape the beautiful hedgehog. Sonic's screaming then began to get fucking annoying so Bartleby shoved the egg salad sandwhich into the hedgehogs mouth.

"How do you like that bitch?!" Bartleby said was he banged the hedgehog like there was no tomorrow! Then Sonic realized. Did he love Bartleby? He did. No ordinary person would have raped him. It MUST have been love...

"I love you Bartleby..." Was the last thing Sonic said before going unconsious...