"Lets go Bartleby!" Sonic and his lover Bartleby Montclair of Dresdin ran off into the open field. Every night Sonic would come to his secret area to look up at the beautiful stars, but this is the first time he has ever brought anyone with him. His secret area is right outside mobotropolis in the middle of the forest. In this part of the forest the trees were placed around in A big circle. In the middle of that circle was an open field were the grass was always green and the skies would shine bright with stars...

"Isn't this great Bartleby? It's my secret area." Sonic said to the beautiful mink. "It's not nearly as good as my bathroom" Bartleby said picking up A rock and throwing it at sonic hitting him over the head. "Gaaahh! W...well of course Bartleby. Your rich after all. Your can afford A huge and glorified bathroom. It's just at... Isn't this beautiful? What nature has created?" Sonic said trying his best to get up. "No." Bartleby said kicking sonic in the gut knocking him back on the floor."

"Now when can we go? This place is stupid." Bartleby said as he forcefully picked up the small fat hedgehog and pushed him back on his feet. "Well... we can go in A minute Bartleby. I just want to show you something." Sonic ran over to the bottom of A tree and waved Bartleby to come over. Bartleby did just that.

"Follow me Bartleby" Sonic began to climb up the tree. "Wait just A minute. You expect me to climb this shit?" Bartleby said. "Well if you don't want to see my secret then..." Sonic was interrupted as he saw Bartleby walking away. "Bartleby! Were are you going? Don't you want to see my secret?" Sonic said... "Hell no. If it doesn't cost money it isn't worth my time." Bartleby said walking off.

"O...oh right..." Sonic said with tear filled eyes.

Suddenly however... he heard voice... Bartleby stopped as well. Who could it be? It sounded like A big group. The two looked at each other then to the right where the voices were coming from... Suddenly A group of 7 - 8 black people came into view.

"Niggers... Bartleby! Get over here quick!" At that exact moment the two lovers were noticed by the black people! "Check it out Nigga's! We got some fresh meat over there!" One of the black people pointed out. "No way man! Look over there! That guy is Bartleby Montclair of Dresdin. They say he's the richest man on the planet. We could make some real dough of the that white man! What do you say Nigga's! Should we get em?!" Said another black man. All the Niggers shouted and began to run towards the two!

Bartleby ran towards the tree were Sonic was! "Hurry Bartleby!" The black people were running so fast they were like A blur. Out of the corner of Sonic's eye he could even see one of them running with A tv! (How can they still run that fast with A tv?) Sonic wondered. Bartleby grabbed Sonic's hand just at the right time and was pulled up onto one of the high branches. The niggers were all crowding around the bottom of the tree cussing and throwing pieces of watermellon and old KFC bones at the two.

Are you okay?... Bartleby?..." Sonic said. Suddenly without warning... Sonic was hit over the head with A huge watermelon! "Sonic!" Bartleby yelled! but Sonic couldn't hear him. He was passed and was now falling out of the tree... Thankfully however... Bartleby caught his foot just in time!

It didn't help much though. All the black people down at the bottom had grabbed both of Sonic's arms and his head! They were to much to handle. Even for Bartlebty's stiff muscles. "Bartlby... help... me..." Sonic muttered... Bartleby could see the tears streaming down Sonic's face... even if his face was being beaten by the niggers... "Bartleby..." Sonic said in between punches...

"Your on your own fatass!" Bartleby said climbing up the tree away from the black people! "BARTLEBYYYYYYY!!!" Sonic yelled as loud as he could! Every now and then we would be punched in the gut making his voice wither... "Bartle..." Sonic was stomped in the face. He face was so bloody and fucking jacked up you could even tell it was his face anymore. Maybe his ass but not his face...

After 5 constent hours of pure beating and torture the black people just took Sonic's money and left. "Have fun cracker!" One nigger yelled stabbing Sonic in the arm with A fried chicken bone before getting up to meet up with the rest of the black people...

Caugh... "Bartle..."Caugh...* "By..." Sonic got up. it hurt him. He could feel his spine sticking out through his back and his rib cage was now poking into his lungs... "I must make... sure... that Bartleby is... Okay..." Sonic said getting to his feet. He was knocked out for so long he wasn't able to see what happened to his lover... "Bartle...by... please be...Okay..."

Sonic made his way to the tree. Sonic began to climb... branch after branch was like him going through A living hell... but he must go through this pain... for Bartleby... After all was said and done he got to the final branch... What he saw up there shocked him.

Bartleby was sitting up there alone with A big smile on his face and tears of happiness pouring down. Sonic wondered what was making him so happy. Shouldn't he be worried about the beating his lover Sonic took? Then... Sonic Looked up... The sky was filled with stars... Millions and millions of beautiful stars...

Sonic crawled over and made his way to Bartleby... He wanted to join the mink on this glorious night...

Just then however Bartleby turned around! His eyes filled with lust! He grabbed Sonic by the neck and threw him against the trunk of the tree! "GAAAAHHH!!! B...Bartleby... W..what is this?!" Sonic said! He could hardly breath and was coughing up blood. Bartleby jumped upon the beautiful hedgehog and raped him like there was no tomorrow! "Bartleby! St...stop it! Please!!!" Sonic screamed! Tears ran down sonic's face as he heard the crowd of black people cheering at the bottom of the tree! Bartleby gave them A thumbs up and continued his rape!

Then Sonic realized... Did Bartleby hire them to beat down Sonic and make him vulnerable to rape?! Bartleby nodded yes almost as if he was reading Sonic's mind... Sonic closed his eyes and decided to except his destiny... Then the truth hit him... he loved Bartleby... Bartleby actually planned all this just to make love with his loved one... no ordinary person would have done this...

"I love you Bartleby... Do you love me?..." - Sonic

"Okay..." - Bartleby

All night that forest was filled with the sound of Sonic's beautiful voice screaming and A crowd of black people cheering... The... End...