Bartleby is breaking through the mirror...

Sonic was quick on his feet. He locked all his windows and doors and ran for his bedroom. He tripped over himself a couple of times, never before had he ran at such high speeds. He knew bartleby was coming to pay him a visit. why is bartleby paying a visit to the little blue hedgehog? Sonic was holding a bbq this nice and sunny after noon... although. He didnt invite bartleby, and the posh mink knew this all to well.o
"where should i hide? WHERE!" Sonic looked around his room. All there was were a dresser... a tv... a bed... "No. N where to hide" the blue wonder thought to himself. Was there any place else to hide? Anywhere? Anywhere?!
"the closet" Sonic said. He turned off all the lights in the house... hoping bartleby would think he was out. As he gripped the handle to the closet door. He heard the front door being broke open?! Sonic dived into the closet and prayed in the corner. He prayed to god that it wasnt a nigger... But it wasnt a nigger... it was bartleby...? "I see you baby" The hedgehog could hear shit being thrown around in his living room. Following that, he heard someone taking a shit and the toilet flushed. The toilet must have clogged up because he could swear he heard water splashing onto the floor and the closet was being filled with water, along bartleby cursing.

The hedgehog was now cowering in fear... All of a sudden he heard a silence that lasted for more 5 minutes. was the coast clear? The blue hedgehog slowing cracked the door opening until he hearing very loud footstops running towards his room. "OH NO! HE HEARD ME! The hedgehog slammed the door shut and bumped against the mirror in the closet. He looked through the crack in the door... and there he was... Bartleby had walked into the bedroom. He could see... tears in his eyes...? He was crying...
"Why do you always run from me..." The posh mink said with water filled eyes. And with that... sonic could hear him step out of the room along with the front door being opened and shut... Sonic casualy opened the closet door and headed down the hall to the kitchen. "Well time to get shit for the bbq today..." the hedgehog said.
sonic reached for the hot dog buns in the cubbord. As soon as he did however... he heard laughing. Bartleby was still in the house! Sonic quickly grabbed the phone and dialed 911! "Hello! Hello! Help me!" The hedgehog screamed into the phone as he could see bartleby breaking through the glass window in the kitchen. There was glass shards wedged in the minks skin... blood pouring out of his mouth."I see found you baby" That line... was what scared sonic the most.. The mink ran towards the hedgehog! but...! the hedgehog jumped to his side! Causing bartleby to run into the kitchen table and screaming in agonizing pain! Sonic climbed up to the top of the cubbor and grabbed a plastic cooking pan and hit bartleby in the head with it... bartleby did not move. The hedgehog... slowly got off the cubbord and nealed down next to the mink... " is... is he dead? No! i wont alow it!!!" The hedgehog said as he weeped... (edited)

"I found you baby" Sonic was suddenly thrown againsgt the wall upside down. He saw bartleby running toward him... his teeth grinding together with anger. The mink proceeded to rape the blue wonder... Sonic realized something... this isnt rape... its love...?