"What A beautiful say it is" Sonic said rising from his springy yet comfy bead and gazing out the window. The birds were singing. The flowers were blooming. There wasn't A cloud in the sky. Sonic knew today was going be the day he finally confessed his love to Bartleby the Mink who lives just across the street from the young hedgehog.

He was ready. He put on his favorite red shoes with the white stripe, his favorite white gloves, but most of all his royal medallion. He didn't put anything else on because he prefers to walk around naked. Just as he put the medallion on however... there was A loud crash downstairs in the kitchen. " A thief?" Sonic thought. Sonic has been living alone for the past 2 years since he moved out of his mothers place.

Sonic turned his medallion into his laser guitar and proceeded into the hallway. "Okay thief. your about to see what happens when you mess with the blue wonder..." Sonic made his way to the kitchen. the sound of crashing and banged getting louder with every step. 1... 2... 3!!! Sonic opened the door suprised at what he had seen! Nothing... no one was there, and everything was the same he had left it last night. He checked the front and back doors. Both... locked?... He checked all the windows. They were all firmly held shut. He checked every room in the house. Nothing. Was it just sonic's imagination? "Oh well" Sonic said. " I guess I should just make breakfast now..."

Sonic made his way over to the fridge to get the pancake better he had made the night before. When he opened the fridge however... it was gone... "Where did it go? I could have sworn I put it in the fridge." Sonic wondered. Then he remembered! He keeps A camera recording in the kitchen just in case something happens to him and he needs help. He climbed up to the top of the fridge and retrieved the camera he speed backwards until he saw something caught his eye. Just an hour before Sonic had entered the room... Bartleby was here.

On the camera he appeared to be crying, eating all the pancake batter with his bare hands, and throwing shit around the kitchen breaking all of sonic's glass plates and cups. At the end of the video he heard Sonic coming down the stairs and pushed everything under the kitchen rug and... ran into the closet. Sonic turned off the camera and lifted up the rug. To his surprise all his broken shit was piled under there just like in the camera...

"and if that means the shit is really under the rug... then Bartleby must be in the..." Sonic looked over at the closet and slowly walked towards it. "Bartle...by?" Sonic said slowly turning the knob. Sonic swung the door open but inside... was no Bartleby. Just A mob and some cleaning suprise. "Huh? I thought he was suppose to be in he -" Suddenly Sonic was grabbed by suprise.

"HELLO BABY" Bartleby yelled putting his hand over the hedgehogs mouth! "Marmufy... mhy?!.." Sonic's voice was muffled by Bartlebys hand. "YOU WONT GET AWAY FROM ME BABY!!!" Bartleby began to lick Sonic all over his body! Sonic couldn't believe it! He was being raped by someone he was hoping to become lovers with!

Sonic finally pulled away, reached under the rug, and threw A broken dinner plate! Bartleby was hit over the side of the head. Blood ran down his face and only Sonic's body. The mink had managed to hold him down once again. Bartleby continued the attack. This time... Sonic was defenseless... There was nothing he could be but enjoyed the rape... Then he began to realize... Is this love?... "I love you Bartleby..." Sonic said....

I know baby... I know.. Bartleby said with tears of joy...