Sonic has always believed the story about the story about the little green leprechaun and his pot of gold, but what he didn't know however...he... was the gold...

It was A rainy and stormy night. Rain was hitting lightning was flashing through the skies. Sonic could not sleep, so he made his way to the window. He enjoyed the view of his street at night. The street lights are always A golden orange, Black people are always mugging someone, and A bunch of Mexicans are alway's trying to fit into A giant van. (Sonic lives in the ghetto) Heh. Silly Mexicans. You couldn't do it last time, you wont be able to do it this time. Sonic thought to himself.

After A couple hours they actually managed to do it. Sonic was at A lost for words. After some more hours passed. He decided to finally get some sleep. The rain was still fierce thought.

Suddenly! Sonic saw A green flash by the window! "A leprechaun?!" Sonic ran strait downstairs and out the front door! He looked all around but couldn't find the midget in green. "Son of A bitch! Give me your gold!" Sonic shouted to the sky. "No cracker, but i'd lover for you to give me your gold." Sonic turned to see A gang of black people. "Ah shit." Sonic said out loud.

Sonic tried to run, but the black people were to fast and strong for the small fat hedgehog. They took all his money and gave him A good beating. Sonic was laying on the ground all bloody as he saw the leprechaun on the roof this time.

"You!" Sonic shouted as he got the latter from his garage and climbed up on his window. What he saw up there was the craziest thing he has ever seen.

A rainbow... Connected from his roof, to A field far off in the distance. He saw the leprechaun running across the rainbow so he followed post haste! "Get back her and give me my gold!" He screamed at the top of his lungs.

He almost slipped and fell off the rainbow multiple times do to the rain. If he fell from this height... H...he would die?! After about an hour of constant running passed he finally got about 75%. He then began to feel himself start to slide down on his own. His back slammed against the rainbow! He was sliding down the rainbow at nigga speed!

He stuck his fingers in the rainbow to try and slow himself down... but he was going to fast! He fingers began to bleed from the pain! He looked down and saw the leprechaun in the pot of gold! "You! Please! SAVE MEEEE!!!" Suddenly the leprechaun removed his costume. It was non other than... Bartleby, Montclair of dresdin...

"No!!!" Sonic screamed! Bartleby began to pull Sonic into the pot to rape the beautiful hedgehog! "HELP ME" Sonic screams could be heard for miles. but it didn't matter since he was in the middle of A field! Finally Bartleby got Sonic into the pot! Sonic cried. He was being raped by someone he thought was his friend... but was in All an act? Did he... never really love me?... Sonic thought to himself. Bartleby nodded yes. Almost as if he had read the hedgehog's mind. This frightened Sonic.

After 4 hours of rape... Sonic found out what he really wanted. Not gold or power... but love. He gave his body to the mink. Now it wasn't rape... It was love...