Sonic and bartleby stepped out of the limmo. Why did they have a limmo you ask? It was the grand opening of the new mexican restruant "Live Grande Like A Burrito". The little blue hedgehog was suprised to see that there werent any cars parked out front. Was The restruant nothing but failure? No. He and bartleby would be the judge of that. "Come on bartleby lets go inside." The hedgehog said. "Okay baby" The mink pushed the hedgehog on to the ground to the side. He was now running for the door at lightning speed... Sonic couldnt help but giggle at this. Bartleby at a restruant was like a child in a toy store.
As sonic caught up to the sexy mink he noticed that the sign on the wall said it opens at 10:00 AM. It was now 10:05 AM. Well that makes sense. Noone showed up yet because it was still only open for 5 minutes. The two lovers stepped into the door to see a mexican into a sombrero and pancho wating to seat them. "Bartleby... im scared." The hedgehog said. The mexican man made a gesture pointing to the left. Was he taking them to their seat? Yes perhaps he was. The mink and the hedgehog sat in the booth,and looked to the mexican man who was trying to speak to them. Of course the mexican couldnt speak very good english, but he did the best he could. "Looks bartleby the burrito is trying to speak our language".

Bartleby snorted in laughter and agreement. The mexican left to get the drinks. 5 minuts had passed... then 10... then 30... then an hour... The fat blue hedgehog was started to get worried. What takes so long to get two drinks. But then he remembered. They are dealing with a mexican after all.
Sonic heard wheels come to stop. Luckly they were sitting by the window so they could see the parking lot. 2 vans were parked simultaneously away from eachother but still close enough to the restruant for any small family to come enjoy a nice meal. Sonic New what was about to happen. He looked up to see a banner hanging on the wall. It only read to words. "Taco day"... Suddenly as soon as sonic finished reading it, almost on cue, about 25+ mexicans were swarming out of each van! They were racing into the the restruant! It was "taco day"! The new years for mexicans. "Bartleby!" The hedgehog screamed as the mexicans were pulling the fat blue hedgehog out of his seat! They were shooting green pepper juice into his eyes... "Help me!!!" The hedgehog said. Bartleby grabbed a fallen sombrero off the ground and used it to smash open the window. "Grab my hand baby" The mink said as he reached for the hedgehog! Sonic grabbed his lovers hand, but the mexicans pulled back... They were to strong for the mink... As soon as the mexicans came in, they had left. There were no more tacos, burrito, or anything else mexicans eat... Are you okay baby? The mink said as he walked up to the hedgehog. "I think so... thank you bartleby." The hedgehog said getting up. When mexicans come in swarms not even god can stop them. "Well bartleby... lets go home..." the fat blue hedgehog was walking back to the limmo... "its rape time baby" The mink ran up and grabbed the hedgehog. He raped the hedgehog. He didn get any tacos today, but he got something more important... love...

Live grande like a burrito.